
DESCRIPTION
This is a very quick HOWTO on the "List of Lights" text processor.


PREREQUISITES

1) You need a mysql database server if you intend to generate OSM files. If
you just want to generate a CSV or XML, a mysql is not needed.

2) You need the original list of lights PDF documents of the US NGA. Those are
found at www.nga.mil/maritime. Download the files you need and copy them into
this directory. The files are named /Pub11?bk.pdf/.

3) Perl must be installed on your machine. Version 5.8 or higher is
recommended.

4) If you don't like to do all steps manually, you need the GNU make utility.
This is recommended.

5) You need the tool 'pdftohtml' (http://poppler.freedesktop.org/) having
installed.


PREPARE MYSQL

1) We assume that the mysql is already installed. If not, conduct the appropriate
documentation on how to setup mysql.

2) Create a database and add a user who has at least
select/insert/update/delete rights on it.

3) Edit the file 'db.conf' and set the mysql account information to your needs
(as defined in the previous step).

3) Create the tables 'lights' and 'sectors'. This is done by just inserting the
file 'list_of_lights.sql' into your database. The file contains the table
creation information.


EXECUTE SCRIPTS AND GENERATE CVS/OSM FILES

1) Now just type 'make'. It should process all PDFs automatically. The result
is several new files: CSV, SQL and OSM (and some temporary files).
The CSV is a TAB-separated file containing the lights information tabulated.
The XML file contains the same information in raw XML.  The SQL file contains
the same information but in SQL statements. The OSM (which is more than just
raw XML) file contains the same inforamtion and can be loaded into josm.

2) To generate a world OSM file containing all lights just run the perl script
`./gen_osm.pl > world.osm`. It reads all data out of the mysql and converts
it into an OSM file.

Please note that the CSV and XML file are complete but the OSM and the SQL are
currently not. They contain all lights but not all data that was found for each
light.


AUTHOR

Bernhard R. Fischer, 2048R/5C5FFD47 <bf@abenteuerland.at>

